Adding Configuration docs (#1181)
ansible/galaxy_ng: docs/dev/setup.md

```bash
python -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
python -m pip install -r dev_requirements.txt
python -m pip install -r docs_requirements.txt
python -m pip install -r integration_requirements.txt
python -m pip install -e .
```

Now you can for example open `code .` and have VsCode to find the libraries you need.

## Running the container based dev environment

Our containerized development environment configuration is loaded from
the `.compose.env` script. You'll first need to configure it, and the
easiest way to do that is by copying an example script
`.compose.env.example`:

```bash
cp .compose.env.example .compose.env
```

By default, the development environment is configured to run in
*insights* mode, which requires a 3rd party authentication provider. If
you're working outside of the Red Hat cloud platform, you'll want to
switch it to *standalone* mode by modifying your `.compose.env` file,
and setting the `COMPOSE_PROFILE` variable to `standalone`, as shown in
the following example:

```env
COMPOSE_PROFILE=standalone
```

If you want to run in standalone mode while using Keycloak to provide
single sign-on with a

> `pre-populated LDAP server <https://github.com/rroemhild/docker-test-openldap>`\_

Reviewer: this is rendered as a code block not a url

        ./compose up -d keycloak kc-postgres ldap
        ```

    2.  Bootstrap the Keycloak instance with a Realm and Client then capture
        the needed public key

        ```bash
        ansible-playbook ./dev/standalone-keycloak/keycloak-playbook.yaml
        ```
        > **NOTE** Try again if it fails at the first run, services might not be
        available yet.

    3.  Update your `.compose.env` file with the public key found at the end
        of the playbook run

        ```bash
        PULP_SOCIAL_AUTH_KEYCLOAK_PUBLIC_KEY="keycloak-public-key"
        ```

    After the standard development set up steps, when you access
    http://localhost:8002 it will redirect to a Keycloak Open ID Connect
    flow login page, where you can login with one of the development SSO
    user's credentials (the password is the username). If you want to login
    with non-Keycloak users, you need to use the
    `Django admin console <http://localhost:5001/automation-hub/admin/>`\_.

    If you want to login as a superuser, you can do one of two things:

    1.  Login to the
        `Django admin console <http://localhost:5001/automation-hub/admin/>`\_
        with the admin user

>     2.  Login to the `Keycloak instance <http://localhost:8080/>`\_ with

Reviewer: these 3 links don't render in the docsite

        admin/admin to edit the LDAP user's roles: Choose a development SSO
        user, select Role Mappings \> Client Roles \> automation-hub and add
        the `hubadmin` role. A user is associated with the appropriate
        group(s) using the user\_group pipeline.

## Testing data

??? tip "Push Container Images to local registry"

    !!! info
        ```
        make api/push-test-images
        ```
        will push a bunch of testing images to your running system

    To push images into the container image registry hosted by galaxy\_ng
    (via pulp\_container), you need to tag an image first to tell Docker or
    Podman that you want to associate the image with the registry. On a

>     local development setup, the pulp\_container runs along with the Galaxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    local development setup, pulp\_container runs along with the Galaxy
```

development environment with your changes made locally. Assuming your
current working directory is `galaxy_ng`.

1.  Clone `galaxy-importer` to parent directory::

        $ git clone https://github.com/ansible/galaxy-importer.git ../galaxy-importer

2.  Add `galaxy-importer` to `DEV_SOURCE_PATH` variable in your
    `.compose.env` file::

        export DEV_SOURCE_PATH='galaxy_ng:galaxy-importer'

3.  Recreate your development environment::

        ./compose down 
        make docker/build docker/migrate
        ./compose up

!!! tip
    The step above can be done for other Pulp plugins such as `pulp_ansible` or `pulp_container`

## Steps to run dev environment with specific upstream branch

1.  **Clone** locally `galaxy_ng`, `pulpcore` and `pulp_ansible` all the
    repos must be located at the same directory level.

        cd ~/projects/
        git clone https://github.com/pulp/pulpcore
        git clone https://github.com/pulp/pulp_ansible
        git clone https://github.com/ansible/galaxy_ng
        # and optionally
        git clone https://github.com/ansible/ansible-hub-ui
        git clone https://github.com/ansible/galaxy_importer

> 2.  **Checkout to desired branches.** `pulp_ansible` master is
>     compatible with a specific range of `pulpcore` versions. So the
>     recommended is to checkout to specific branch or tag following the
>     contraints defined on pulp\_ansible/requirements.txt or leave it
>     checked out to master if you know it is compatible with the
>     pulp\_ansible branch you have. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  **Checkout to desired branches.** `pulp_ansible` main is
    compatible with a specific range of `pulpcore` versions. So it is
    recommended to checkout to a specific branch or tag following the
    constraints defined on pulp\_ansible/requirements.txt or leave it
    checked out to main if you know it is compatible with the
    pulp\_ansible branch you have. Example:
```
